Change license from BOSL to "MIT OR Apache-2.0" (#405)
zcash/orchard: COPYING.md

# License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

# Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.

# Note on license change

The licensing of this crate changed from the Bootstrap Open Source License

> to the above "MIT OR Apache-2.0" dual license in release 0.6.1. The license

Reviewer: There are breaking changes already merged into the repo, so the next crate version will be 0.7.0:
```suggestion
to the above "MIT OR Apache-2.0" dual license in release 0.7.0. The license
```
